Narcissism
are there people out there that kind of narcissist whispers were able to, to get past them, to not let it bring them down?
what happens when a narcisst encounters an authentic people.
now that's where it gets really interesting. so let's talk a little bit about that authenticity is, 
because I think it is a word that is very overused, and even a lot of people, I have no doubt that many of you are going to disagree with my definition. 

but an authenticity is very much a person who lives an alignment with their meaning, with their purpose, with a sense of self=awareness, with an accurate appraisal of their strength and their weakness, 
and yet dont allow the strength to escalate them into grandiosity, and dont let the perceive weakness allow them to fall into a pit of despair. 

they tend to be relatively emothionally related, and in fact very well emothionally regulated, however are able to engage in aprropriate and vulnarable shows of emotion.
so, basically, they are very self-possessed people

oftentimes they present is quite serene, I guess, because they're good, authentic people are interesting because stuff doesn't tend to get 
under their skin as much because they're kind, they are good, like, they are not necessarily rich, they are not necessaritly 
at the top of their game, they are just sort of authentic.

I can think of one gentleman in particular I met once, and the nature of his work is just incredibly authentic, it was very peaceful to be in his presence.
and it was he was just really aligned with his meaing and purpose, and he was at peace.

now what happens when they encounter narcissim? 
it is very interesting, because at one level, authentic people are pretty unfalppable, things dont reallly
get to them. because, as a rule, people who are very authentic don't tend to personalize stuff very much. 

they'll say, that's a fair criticisum, or there a a lot of noise in the that person. 
they don;t make it like: what did I say, what did I do, like there's not as much of then, because they 
were able to say, they migh have even had, and again, their wonders, and want to make thinkg clear.

they might had very difficult lives, like autnentic pepole aren't just people walking around the world
never having had trauma or difficulty in their lives. Sometimes they've experienced tremendous difficulty 
in their lives, and they just keep going.

so they'll even say, like, this is probably not a good place for me to be, because there's alot of load noises.
And I know that can be, you know, that can be really, actually. I dont experience that well, so I think
I am gonna actuaaly absent myself in the situation.

and they don't care too much what other people would think, they let that valnerability be expressed, and they don't worry about 
how it will be judged. so again, that's what I mean by that very-self-possessed sense.

so when they encounter a narcissit, it gets really interesting, because not only does it not get under their skin, 
they kind of dont fall for it. so they are, there is a wisdon there.

and so what I've seen authentic people, in the face of narcissistic people, the narcissistic people get very 
frusrated in the presence of anthentic people, because their usual tricks dont work at well.

so the authentic person might say, oh, wow, that's a very nice car you have. then they'll just 
kind of ge back to like, they won;t let someone be interrupted.

so what happens is that in some ways an authentic person is a little bit more resistance to the validation seeking behavior, 
to the love bombing behavior, to the attention seeking behavior. but what's really neat about the 
authentic people is they won't shame the narcissit.

they won't feel the need to say, like, you need to shut up, you need to step off. you are making 
too much noise. what is wrong  with you? they won't go there, they'll just keep steering things 
where they need to go.

but where people who authentic will ultimately often hit a homw run is that they aill know where to step 
away, and they won't be rude about it.

those who do it very graciously. they are in tune with themselveds enough to know this doesn't feel good. 
now, where this gets tricky, and why authentiv people are like the rock stars amongt us, is sometimes we don't want to do 
that, we don't want to be the one to step away, because we don;t want tobe the one who, sort of, seen as
like the party pooper, the person who's leaving too early, or something like that. and we don't want to explain ourselves.

they speak truth, speaking truth, being transperent with truth, is often sort of what makes you the narcissit slayer, because once you 
do that, you've really, that you've taken away their games, you really have.

and authenticity though requires us to do a lot of work right? we've got to care a lot less about what other people 
think and what other people say, we've got to be good with use, and that's what authentic pepoples have. 
also need to have beliefs in what is important in relationship.

so that ability to feel solid enough in yourself, comforatable enough in yourself to say, you know, 
this may not be working for me, and then to gracefully step away, it the autehntic person, I guess, weapon for lake of a better term, in terms of handing the narcissit

it is good a adf
